#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile bicleaner-ai.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
bicleaner-ai==2.0.0
    # via -r bicleaner-ai.in
bicleaner-ai-glove==0.2.1
    # via bicleaner-ai
bicleaner-hardrules==2.7.0
    # via bicleaner-ai
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via sacremoses
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via pytest
fastspell==0.5
    # via bicleaner-hardrules
fasttext==0.9.2
    # via
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
    #   fastspell
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==23.3.3
    # via tensorflow
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via bicleaner-ai
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.17.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.54.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.8.0
    # via tensorflow
huggingface-hub==0.11.1
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   transformers
hunspell==0.5.5
    # via fastspell
idna==3.4
    # via requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
keras==2.11.0
    # via tensorflow
levenshtein==0.20.9
    # via python-levenshtein
libclang==16.0.0
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.4.3
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via werkzeug
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-ai-glove
    #   fasttext
    #   h5py
    #   opt-einsum
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytest
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.5
    # via bicleaner-ai
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pybind11==2.10.4
    # via fasttext
pytest==7.3.1
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
python-levenshtein==0.20.9
    # via bicleaner-ai
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
    #   fastspell
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==2.15.1
    # via levenshtein
regex==2023.3.23
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.53
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
    #   fastspell
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via bicleaner-ai
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai-glove
    #   scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.1.98
    # via bicleaner-ai
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   sacremoses
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.11.2
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.11.1
    # via bicleaner-ai
tensorflow-estimator==2.11.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.32.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.2.0
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
toolwrapper==2.1.0
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
transformers==4.26.0
    # via bicleaner-ai
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   fastspell
    #   requests
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
